# Why I created this blog (and how)

Writing for me is where I feel most confident. Where I feel like I can edit and revise but also where I'm most comfortable making mistakes. It's how I do my best communicating with family and friends and where I indulge fantastical ideas in fiction. It's where I have learned to think through tough problems and come to solid (or less shaky) conclusions. Writing about tech is something that I've wanted to do forever. But much like the big heavy weights at the gym, I've felt like there's a blocker between me and _it_. As if the space those weights inhabit doesn't belong to me. It's taken me probably 9 to 10 years of rock climbing before I've finally breached the barrier and felt comfort in slipping on 25 pound round plastic blobs to those 45 pound bars and letting them drop (still not as loudly as my mostly male compatriots) and asking for help.

And it took lots of trying and running away and failing to get to that point. So that's why I started this space. So I can rid myself of this ridiculous anxiety and engage in a space I have wanted to participate in for a very long time. I've been writing code for over five years. I have lots of thoughts! I know stuff! (And goodness do I know so little)

So I started this. I wrote the backend in Rails, because it's easy, because it's quick, because there's solid patterns already established and why reinvent the wheel/rail if it's already there? I wrote the frontend in React, because it's hot right now and because I'm so uncomfortable with it. I'm on the Site Reliability Engineering team at Betterment (caveat, all these thoughts are my own and don't represent the engineering team or the company at Betterment) and don't really have the chance to fiddle around with hot javascript frameworks. I don't have a database. I did, but then I didn't want one. (At least, for now). I wrote a tiny almost meaningless generator to create timestamped directories and markdown files with the `ARV[0]` as the name of the file. I don't have any tests yet. But I hope to spend some time messing around with mocha or whatever folk use to test their JS.

I'm interested in performance. In the things that make the observability of web applications easier, clearer and better. I hope to write about what I've done already in this space, and what I hope to do this year.

Thanks for reading.
